Ornate Typewriter: Upon the refurbishment of an old school house the typewriter is found. Once the old dust sheet is removed it positively glitters in the morning light. Each key has a small needle in its centre, which would cause the typist to prick her fingers if she were to type. Upon investigation, no one can find the ink ribbon or anywhere to place one. You begin to type and soon, the pain in your fingers no longer matters. The machine tells you tales, such wonderfull sights for you write...such wonderfull places beyond ...And the stories must be told.
The Brick Counter: A small copper box, with a mechanical counter on the front and a wind-up key on the left side. Wind it up, place it against a wall, and wait until the tickety-ticky sound stops. The wheels of the counter then shows how much bricks the wall is made of. Nobody knows how it works, nobody knows what's good for, but some eccentric millionaires are known to pay hard cash for anything that strange, aren't they? It's yours for 100$.
Very Bad Coffee Machine: This device resembles the largest, most complex ornamental coffee maker in the history of brass tubing and steam vents. It takes up an entire wall and creeps out from behind the bar and partially blocks the door to the rest rooms. It has knobs and access ports all over it, far more than any barista knows what to do with. Some of them have never been used. Some have been painted over or taped in one position. There are no markings. It's rumoured that two-thirds of the material poured into the machine never makes it to the cup. But it never makes it out of the machine, either... and the shop does a lot of business.
A Section of Tank Armor Plating: From a model of German tank constructed during WWII, it has the distinct indentation in the perfect shape of a human fist in it.
An 8mm film: showing Jimi Hendrix playing a guitar right-handed and with amazing virtuosity.
The Dead Man's Gun: It's a six-shot revolver, like out of the Old West. And every time you fire it, a different bullet comes out, even bullets that shouldn't even work for the gun-- .22 caliber rounds, flintlock rounds, rifle rounds, etc. A little historical research will dig up that these rounds all match up with those used in the greatest assassinations in American history.
A Pill Bottle: with the following label: "Deusophomine. Take 3xdaily by mouth with food or milk. Do not take with alcohol. Do not operate motor vehicle within three hours of taking. See pamphlet for side effects." If taken, the drug induces stigmata- hands, feet, head, back, and side- within 24 hours. The blood produced by these wounds has miraculous properties.
A high school physics textbook from the late 1960s: The inner cover is stamped "Dallas School Book Depository". All of the sections on projectile motion have been blacked out with the sort of black marker used in classified documents.
A radio: only plays songs, ads, and radio shows in the style of the 1930's and 40's, except they reference contemporary events, products, inventions, people. Many of the radio shows are old classics, but they have episodes that were never heard before.
A Box of matches: The size of an Atlas. While it contains only 12 matches, each is large enough to be used as a torch or a makeshift club. They are perfectly ordinary except for their size.
A box: filled with hay and a note The note reads "Contents: One needle."
A small notecard with the inscription: "Perpetual Motion Machine: To start, flip card over." The reverse side has the same inscription.
A bag of marbles: 26 really big marbles! 7 of them are actually ocular prostheses. One of these 7 seems to always look north, while another one always seems to follow the onloocker.
A Bible: inscribed "For you, the last remaining copy, on your birthday, August 13, 2027".
A digital camera: Inside, you wind photographs of ruins, a large wooden horse, three crosses on a hill top, a Roman playing a fiddle...
Pure metaphysical Death: It's a black, oily liquid and for God's sake don't drink it. Or touch it. Or stand near it. Or stare at it. It's the toxic byproduct of a process granting immortality.
A monopoly get out of jail free card: On the back is a phone number. If the number is called it's a high priced lawyer that's not paid for. He doesn't know why his personal cell phone number is on that card.
An unassuming wooden box, with a piece of paper pinned to it: On the paper is written 1. A place to stand. 2. A lever large enough. There is a check mark next to item 1.
A half-empty box of Tic Tacs: A sharpie-written message on the back reads "may contain one suicide pill".
A red rubber ball: roughly the size of a tennis ball. If thrown into a hard surface, the ball will stop. wait six seconds, and THEN rebound.
A solid 24k gold box: with a label that reads "The Hand Of Midas, Carrying Case". It's empty.
Seven ancient scrolls: written in archaic Hebrew on papyrus, which is curiously preserved with almost no sign of aging. However, if carbon dated, it places the date of the scrolls at about 600 BC. If translated, the scrolls prophecy events with phenomenal accuracy, from the rise of Alexander the Great to Julius Caesar to the birth of Christ to the Rennesance and discovery of the New World to the Industrial Revolution, all the way up to the First World War. These prophesies include correct names, dates, and locations. The prophecies conclude by stating that at a certain point, God will forsake the world and all those born after that time are trapped in an ultimately pointless existence and face an eternity of hopelessness and despair after death. The date God forsakes the world is August 3, 1915.
A CD Labeled "The Ultimate Boot CD": Contains the best operating system known (unknown?) to man. No, not winDOS, not Linux, not Mac, but something that can run any program ever made for any platform - even those not yet made -, and despite being run from the CD, feels as fast as a supercomputer. The CD works on any computer with the appropriate drive, and will perform the same on even an ancient ENIAC - assuming you can attach an optical drive to it. It comes in a sleeve marked "SUPRESS" and is signed by Bill Gates, Linus Torvalds and Steve Jobs.
A lucky rabbit's foot on a keychain: Whoever carries it has extraordinarily good luck, but every time they step outside or glance out a window, they see a small three-legged rabbit staring mournfully at them.
An old, cracked radio. When turned on, it plays an obviously old record of a very good violin melody. This melody becomes more and more silent as the song progresses, to the point where it is barely audible. Should the listener then put his ear to the speaker, he hears screams, the sounds of shooting, and shouting in Russian.
A rifle with no ammunition magazine. in it's place is a slot that says "insert 1 coin". Dropping a quarter into the rifle loads it with 25 shots.
Head on: You apply it directly to your forehead. Head on: You apply it directly to your forehead. Head on: you apply it directly to your forehead. Suddenly, the world seems a lot more repetitive. Suddenly, the world seems a lot more repetitive. Suddenly, the world seems a lot more repetitive.
Einstein's algebra test that he flunked, framed: Complete with mean comments.
An ancient stone tablet in Sumer cuneiform: It's a simple blood soup recipe with onions, leeks, sam˚Åu, and fat. If cooked it's kind of black, bland, and chalky soup, but filling.
A small, seemingly insignificant item. You should probably give this to someone else.
A cute little puppy in a transparent, airtight container. Miraculously, the puppy is alive, and seems none the worse for wear. It is extremely happy to see you, starts whining, and pawing at the container door. Closer examination reveals the puppy has no nose, and is wearing a dog tag that says it belongs to "Hitler".
A box of exploding cigars: with card... for Fidel, love Uncle Guido.
A black sphere: made of some sort of transparent obsidian with a note "found in ruins of a mesolithic city near Spazi-Turn, Romania". Touching it and concentrating on it brings visions of a man on fire holding said sphera.
A DVD: with a big "do not watch" written on it. If watched, it shows 4 hours of footage a middle aged, fat and naked man running through different places while screaming a monotonous "HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA...". There seems to be no logical or narrative order between shots. Some of the place he runs in are the PCs houses or workplaces.
A copy of Exalted First Edition: The character sheet has been filled out in ink, and it is obvious that soneone has been very creative with the mathenatics. These are your ideal stats and the charms to complement them, but you'd never find a GM to approve it. The flaws listed are Dark Fate 5, and Amnesia, and your name is where the character's ought to be. On the inside of the back cover, there is what can only be described as a writhing, pulsing shard of the Sun, secured by a dozen layers of red tape. The player's name is listed as "Chejop Kejak".
A Chess Set: with extra spaces The extra two spaces in the front row are occupied by regular pawns, but in the back row there is a pair of new pieces, which resemble a guillotine. A folded scrap of paper labeled "rules for chess" indicates that another way to win is to have the guillotine take your own king...
Chaos Switch: An archaic looking electrical 'knife' switch, (double poll, single throw), the size of a deck of playing cards, not connected to anything. Each time the switch is toggled, some electric light, somewhere in the world, changes state (from 'on' to 'off' or vice versa). The switch never controls the same light twice, and there doesn't appear to be any way to predict which light it will control next.
A sixgun: a brutish hulk of a thing, that appears hewn from steel. It is covered in marks that might be those of a chisel, of teeth, claws. Each of the chambers is full of clay, river clay. The Jordan, the Tigris, the Euphrates, the Indus, the Nile, the sixth, empty. Hidden inside each of the clay 'cartridges' is a scroll of paper, marked with the hebrew for 'death'. It comes with a holster, of nine kinds of leather, some unidentifiable: bear, wolf, crocodile, lion. Possibly human. The belt has a series of shells, 83, in fact. Some radioactive, each pure. Each is marked with a sigil for death. The belt is chased with lead, lead discoloured by its slow transmutation to gold. The gun does not conduct electricity. The firing pin appears to be a Roman nail, the sight another curved into a cross. The trigger too. If dropped, the weapon bleeds from all of its orifices. It works. It is unfathomably accurate. It arrives in a man's possession when he needs it most. It remains with him for 3,456,000 seconds. Then it moves on. There are three fates for the wielder. He is damned, saved, or born again. The initials of the wielders form the pattern of the grip. 
A plastic box: containing the embalmed body of a duck, killed by buckshot. The box is labelled in Russian: 'Hunting Trip, Isle of Buyan, 1936'. The duck contains an unbroken egg, which contains a shard of metal uncannily similar to a needle.
What appears to be an ordinary 60-watt light bulb. When placed in a lamp fixture and turned on, it removes all darkness (including shadows!) within a 3-meter radius. The area of effect penetrates walls, doors, floors, etc.
A paper shopping bag containing a 5,000-piece jigsaw puzzle: When assembled, the puzzle turns out to be a photograph of the group opening the crate that contained the puzzle.
A box: As you open it, the once simultaneously alive and dead cat inside dies as the waveform collapses. Inspection of the interior of the box will reveal: a dead cat; an small, empty tank which once held cyanide gas; a small piece of uranium; and an ingenious mechanism to open the valve of the gas tank when triggered by neutron emission due to radioactive decay.
A plain wooden cup, very ancient looking: Carbon dating will place it at around 2,000 years old.
A pocket-sized, spiral bound notebook: The paper is unusually thick. Whenever anyone writes anything on the paper, the ink flows freely across the page until it forms strange alien letters and symbols, which correspond to nothing known on earth.
A big red switch backed by a suction cup: If the switch is stuck to any mechanical device, the switch will turn the device on or off. If the switch is stuck to a living being, the switch will kill or resurrect the being.
A framed painting (about 10"x8") of a red bird flying over a dark landscape. If burned, the phoenix will be born from the fire.
A science fiction book describing a parallel history in which the Axis powers did NOT win World War 2.
A sheet of paper, a pair of scissors and a rock.
A large red button labeled "EASY": It works, but several tons of force are required to push the button. 
A large rock onto which a heavy steel anvil is bolted: Both the rock and anvil are time-worn and obviously ancient. The top of the anvil has a long vertical hole going down in it, as if a long sharp metal rod were once positioned straight-up in it.
Truth.
40mm grenade launcher rounds: packed with jade powder and cold iron filings. They are engraved with entwined dragons and the Japanese character "Oni" (Demon).
A 4m long cerimonial halberd: It is entirely made in gold, silver and jade, encrusted with jewels, and of exquisite, vaguely oriental, and utterly perfect craftsmanship. Its sheer market value could easily reach in the bilions... if you can find someone who actually HAS that much money, that is: it's quite literally priceless. But something is strange. Why such an item is totally unknown even to the greatest worldwide experts? Why is the polearm's blade ALWAYS wet, even if wiped? If analyzed, the water reads as... primeval soup. Water from the oceans of Earth some 3,5 bilion years ago. Carbon dating is inconclusive. Despite being made from apparently mundane gold and silver, no force known to man can shatter, bend, damage, or even scratch the weapon. A careful observer skilled in japanese or chinese might notice that the intricate patterns on its grip form three ideograms. They are extremely archaic forms, that, if translated (a daunting task), read to: "Heaven", "Marsh", and "Halberd".
Two aluminium aerosol spray cans labeled "Light", in sweeping script (yellow on one, light grey on the other): They seem to be extremely old. If used, they spray, well, "Light". It's a luminescent, ethereal substance, almost like a gas or a liquid so rare that it dissipates after some minutes. The yellow-marked can holds golden light, the other one silver light. Both lights are softly warm, pure and absolutely beautiful, and might awaken positive emotions in the users, especially joy... IF they are kind-hearted or otherwise definable as "good". Apparently, the light has a number of beneficial uses, such as speeding up recovery of any non-lethal wound, lighting dark locales (even though the light dissipates quickly, apparently it still provides spread-out illumination on a wide area) and banishing "creatures of evil". it works on your supernaturals of choice, vampires, ghosts, mythos creatures, particularly evil humans, whatever. It might just unnerve or weaken them, make them flee, or, in extreme cases, even wound, burn and destroy them. It also might purify them, if the creature was seeking redemption or can (and wants to) be saved. Bonuses if used in drammaticaly-appropriate times or ways. If not used when REALLY needed, the characters "have the feeling that they are wasting an incredibly precious thing". There is a post-it note on the crate, in the same sweeping script. "Take good care of this, please. Never, never, never use all of it! Please leave as much as possible!" It is signed by some kind of rune. Like the cans, both the crate and the post-it look extremely old.
Time Paint©: A can of glossy paint, a swirling, ever-changing rainbow of colours. Apply to something to age it several days, weeks, months, years or centuries (it depends mostly on how much you put on it). The can contains about enough Time Paint© to age a car by 100 years. The aged item will be old, but not especially damaged (since it suffered from sheer aging, but not from rain, erosion, wear and tear, misuse, etc) The can recharges at about a decade per day, and comes with a full set of standard safety labels on its side. Apparently, Time Paint© is flammable. And you shouldn't use it on people or animals.
The label also reads: "If misused, immediatly apply Reversetime Paint© to correct." Obviously, there is no such can nearby. Maybe it's somewhere else?
A card of the Tarot: specifically, the Fool, trump 0. The picture follows its standard description: a young man in a colorful dress, walking towards a cliff, with a dog near him (perhaps trying to warn him of the impending danger?) and a dreamy, distracted expression on his face. A rose in hand, and a stick with a bag attached, resting on his shoulder, in his other hand. The sun shines behind him. Only problem: The face is the character's. He's clearly recognizable, there can be no mistake. If the character gets rid of the card before sunrise, nothing happens. If he keeps it with him, it will stay with him (even if thrown away or destroyed, it will just reappear in the character's possession). In the following days, months or years, the character will meet people, face enemies and challenges, and live situations absolutely archetypal to the other trumps of the tarot, in sequence. Such as meeting a powerful, stern but caring patriarchal figure for Trump 4, the Emperor, or passing through a symbolic death-and-rebirth experience such as a near-death experience, being walled alive, losing all of his possessions, or suffering from a memory wipe for Trump 13, Death. During each meeting or challenge, he will come into possession (finding, being given, etc) of the corresponding card, until he collects the whole deck of the Major Arcana. Upon solving the last challenge, that of Trump 21, The World, he realizes that that card once again represents himself as The World, dancing, crowned... thus closing the circle. There are three possible fates in store for him: he is either Saved, Reborn, or all the cards are taken from him, he is given a new Fool card, and starts over.
The Sword of the Legend: This is THE sword. It is Caliburn, Excalibur that King Arthur drew from the rock. it is Durandal that Roland fought with at Roncevaux. It is She Who Splits Worlds, the flaming nameless blade of the Archangel Michael. It is Anduril, the Flame of the West, Narsil reforged of the last battle of the Third Age. It is the legendary Kusanagi-no-Tsurugi, the Sword of the Gathering Clouds of Heaven of japanese mythology. It is ClaÌomh Solais, one of the four Treasures of Ireland, the blade that belonged to Nuada Airgeadl·mh, leader of the Tuatha de Danaan and king of the land. It is Hrunting, the blade of Beowulf, and countless more. It is not just a sword, either. It is Guan Yu's Blue Dragon Crescent Blade. It is the Spear of Destiny that belonged to Longinus. It is Mjolnir and Gungnir, and Ascalon, the lance that slew Saint George's Dragon. Heck, it's also Daisuke Jigen's .357 revolver, Luke Skywalker's lightsaber, the Colt Single Action Army of legendary Old West gunslingers... The Sword of the Legend always appears as an extremely common, plain, old weapon. it might not always be a sword. In fact, it will often be found in the shape of the weapon of choice of its new master. It stays with him. Even if he casts it away, chance (or fate) will always bring it back to him. If the Sword's owner uses it in a dramatically appropriate way, decisive moment, or for an appropriately heroic cause, the weapon manifests the full extent of its power. Which is more or less unlimited. It can slay monsters. It can defeat armies. It can remake the world. But it is NEVER easy. He will experience suffering, struggle, loss and despair, like all heroes. He will face the dark shadows of doubt, hubris, evil and greed that lie in his heart. If he manages to defeats them, he will conquer any opponent. The Sword will grant him certain victory. The price might be death. In any case, he will become the stuff of legends.
An incredible amount of paper: All of it's been through a typewriter, and it's all covered in gibberish. Well, occasionally, you make out a word here or there, but most of the pages are covered in nonsense. The inside of the crate is labeled with a *very* high number. The pages smell faintly of bananas.
A black box with a red button: Pushing the button causes it to turn into a red box with a black button. Pushing the button again reverses the process.
Hundreds of rolled-up posters, covered with dust: They appear to be variants of early 20th century propaganda posters of the former Soviet Union, except with text in English and American flags waving in the background, glorifying the 1917 Revolution of the American People.
A set of five keys that will open any lock on Earth: If a key is dropped into a glass of vodka, it dissolves, making the best Bloody Mary the world has seen.
A Useless item: No, really, it's useless. don't even think about it. let's put it away, and look at what's in the next crate... And yet, though, you will need it. But you'll never remeber to bring it with you. You'll never remember any detail about it, either. it's just a nondescript "useless item". But if one's will is strong enough... He might, just might, remember it. Suddenly, the item "collapses", much like a shrodinger cat becomes either fully alive or fully dead if you open the box and observe it. The "useless item" becomes an incredibly useful one. It'll be just what you need. Short on ammo and in a pinch? a clip of the right size and calibre. Need fire desperately? it might be a box of matches, a lighter, a ronson, a propane torch or a WWII era german Flammenwerfer. Poisoned? The correct antidote. The "useful item" will solve any one problem. Only one. after that, it will become useless. (the clip will empty, the torch will run out of fuel, etc.) And, somewhere else, someone else will find another useless item.